Now, so that we have discussed about the Switch case, now we are going to implement this, which is
let's see what actually happens on implementation of a Switch case.
So I suppose this is a switch given and inside this we are passing on human like action.
So suppose if action is performing like we have already initialized the action here and if the action
is initializes as she does next.
And so like, suppose we input any option from our keyboard which is going to be stored inside this
action.
It is a variable, of course, integer value.
So if the switch is zero one two three four five six, how many options we are listing it with be depending
on that only.
So suppose a switch action contains initial stage zero.
So suppose the head of mission goes with the program in the beginning.
So what gives zero is going to do so.
Case Zero is going to quit setting the portal through.
Initially, we said OK would go forward and now we are changing it through here.
The Boolean grid is set to false by default.
That is no quick.
But if we're pressing zoodles from the keyboard, then it is going to set it to true and then bring
the Switch statement and come out of the loop.
And I'm going to put it into the list like so close that I suppose if this action is containing one
integer could be anything.
So if suppose that is switch one, so it is going to execute this case on.
And what this gives one is going to do.
This is going to play the current song now.
So it is the next song.
So this one is going to play the next song and how we are going to play the next song, like, if not
for one, if it started and has next and instead with Mr. Director Darkness.
So we are switching to the next song in the list.
So the next song is going to be playing with the use of the affordable key.
Like, we have declared this for one here as a Boolean data type, and initially it is set to approve.
So if one song is finished automatically, the second song will be played.
And if we are, we forcefully want to play the next song before the finishing of the first song.
Then we are going to call this for through.
And if the list that is said, then now playing the next song, it will.
I'll put this.
Now playing the second track like this, where we have pressed the key to it, played the next song
from the list.
Similarly, we are asking one option also, and if that's the let us suppose, like the list of five
songs and then no next song.
So it will output like good knows that song of 11 till the end of the list.
Like, suppose it is like this song and there are no songs after this.
So what this is going to output no song on every level is to the end of the list and the forward will
be set still falls and the list will not move forward further and the law will break.
And suppose if we have press to from the keyboard, then this is going to play the previous song in
that similar way we were navigating through the next song.
Using that has next one.
Similarly, we are going to use has previous game on Twitter to the list and play the previous song
by setting the Huertas was like, No, not move for one.
Don't play the next song.
Play the previous song by default.
The next song is the next song is played after finishing off the song, but the rhythm of this key to
the next song will not replay what the previous song is going to be playing.
And the s condition says that if there are no songs previous to that song like Suppose We, we were
all raised the beginning of the list and there are no songs previous to it, then it is going to be
that we have reached the end of the list.
There are no song phases to this list.
Similarly, for Q4, we have a list of all songs and all available options.
One five.
So I already told you that on pressing forward, it is going to print the list of all the songs in the
playlist.
We will create this print list function after the completion of this part and for pressing the key five,
all the available options will reprint in our likeness opposing President Nikki.
And again, we want to but navigate back to the menu option and do some other operations.
So we will press five and it will bring them and then it will be now last, but not the least, for
deleting the current song.
So even me, I wish to delete the current sampling.
We are using this if statement for checking that if playlist size is greater than zero, let's suppose
that I'm more than zero songs in the list, then Mr. Trader is going to use this name.
Here you are from Java Utili ready to remove the song from the links.
In this, we have stored all the songs in the playlist in the form of link list and to remove anything
from the list.
We are using this name key one list isolated to remove nitrate that is going to point to the current
song and this will remove this.
And after this, the list will start pointing to the next song to that song.
We have already discussed it test the link will be broken and the first song will start pointing to
the chord song.
So after this?
Yes, there is this Lakers.
Of course, the playlist size is less than zero, then it is not going to delete anything in the program
is going to run as it was running it in this plain opening.
And basically no changes are going to happen.
So we have successfully covered all the switch cases.
Now we are going to create that function for printing the menu.
Yes, we have created a static alloyed function called print.
The menu and specify specified is set to private, and this function is responsible for printing all
the available options in the menu.
Like, you can see that for Z2, we have set the action as quick thing for the one to play the next
song.
And similarly for to play the previous song to be played and song for list all the songs and five bring
all the available options.
I mean, like these are the available options and there are nothing is in option.
So this thing is going to be presented again if we aren't pressing the key.
Five.
And lastly, if you will press the key six from our keyboard, then the current song which is playing
will be deleted and automatically.
The next song will start playing.
And if you like this list all the songs again, then the resulting list will remove the song, which
is deleted and.
The resulting list will be reduced by size one like suppose, initially there were five songs, now
this will contain only four songs.
As we deleted one of the songs.
Yes.
Now looking towards the next function, what this brings the list is going to bring.
So we have created this function public static void, frankness and as an argument, the linked list
of the playlist song is parsed inside this function, and I believe that is going to open it.
I trade through the playlist, which we have created in the album class.
So this is the way to ride like we are giving heading our enough food like a headliner.
And between now and then, the food to the list of the songs in the playlist is going to be called.
Using this Bilo like supposed interpreter not has next has a song, then the plaintiff in the next.
And we are using this brand delicious option to bring to the list of all the songs like this.
This part is responsible for printing the list, and this is printed with the the mercy of dysfunction
endless.
So we are done with the programming section as far as I can see that we have covered all the functionalities.
Now let us try to run this and see that the actually what is happening inside the code.
So the program run successfully.
Congratulations.
Now check if the functions are working correctly or not.
So firstly, I'm going to press one to play that next song.
Ah, let us bring the list of fun songs first solo on pressing four.
We have all the list of the songs in our playlist, not the album, but in the playlist.
We have two things an album and a playlist, so we are listing has playlists like three hour and more.
During this creation is to store all our favorite songs.
So we are dealing with that playlist, but only so we have a list of all the songs now.
So played the next song.
Pressing one and the next song is played initially by default.
The first song was playing and the duration was 4.5 minutes.
Now, if we press one, then the next song from the playlist will be played.
Now, suppose we want to navigate to the previous song so we will press do.
And again, the first song starts playing now to replay the current song, but I think three.
So this is responsible for for playing the songs in a law like Simple.
This song is our most favorite song from the playlist, so we will love to play that song again, so
we will press three played the song, so we have covered already printing the list of full songs now.
So if we want to navigate to the available options section again, so we will press five and hit Bender
again, we are back in our navigation menu with all the available options.
Now suppose if you want to wish to delete the current song, so pressing six from the keyboard and the
next song is playing played automatically.
Like the last song which was playing was this current song, which is deleted on pressing the 60 and
next song is played played automatically.
No, no.
Let us try to bring the list off all songs again and see that if it is deleted or not.
Yes, initially we had four songs and now we are left with only three songs in the list, so all the
functions in this library is working fine and everything is correct as far as I can see them.
So I hope that you all have went through this tutorial very correctly and understand all the concepts
involved in this and would love to make your own music library like you can name with them.
I am calling it as a music library.
You can also call it a music playlist library on anything you wish to, so I hope you all will create
a playlist library of your own and learn the concepts involved behind it, like the coding bar you can
see.
Then everything is explained in a detailed manner, and every concept is related to Java, not other
concepts to complex long.
The concepts are not involved in this, so I wish you a happy learning and let's try creating this project
on your own and then this project and will sail with the next project in the next five.
Beldon.
Goodbye and thank you.